Recommend Eclipse Temurin instead of Oracle JDK with JavaFX on MacOS. (#1256)
MicroEJ/docs: VEEPortingGuide/mock.rst

	      at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:325)
	      at java.lang.Thread.runWrapper(Thread.java:387)

>    This issue affects most JDK distributions. As a workaround, we recommend to use one of the following Temurin JDK versions: 
>    `17.0.9 <https://github.com/adoptium/temurin17-binaries/releases/download/jdk-17.0.9%2B9/OpenJDK17U-jdk_aarch64_mac_hotspot_17.0.9_9.tar.gz>`__ or
>    `21.0.1 <https://github.com/adoptium/temurin21-binaries/releases/download/jdk-21.0.1%2B12/OpenJDK21U-jdk_aarch64_mac_hotspot_21.0.1_12.tar.gz>`__ to avoid this issue.

Reviewer: Is this really required to use those specific versions?
This is the versions the bugfix has been integrated in, no? If yes, we should be able to use the latest versions:
```suggestion
   This issue affects many JDK distributions. To fix the issue, we recommend upgrading your JDK to the latest Temurin JDK versions: 
   `Temurin 17 <https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases/?os=mac&version=17>`__ (17.0.9 or above) or
   `Temurin 21 <https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases/?os=mac&version=21>`__ (21.0.1 or above).
```

Reviewer: Ok, I should have read to the end of the note 🤦‍♂️
